hello friends said that I have you can
a tutorial on how to trade or how
show yourself how to register too
in a pig as you see here they are going to put their
name that mine would be bruni bruni
franky
as you see my name is a man who
would like to have it would be outbreak so I would
I put on a facelift because I had
rifle with French and rosmen now as
come here it would be for
observe Carlos the eye of hunger in
specific and here if you want to enter a
sir with friends are going to put the shaft and a
number x from 1 to 40 more or less
I do not remember well I do not put
example 63.9 0.9 and the Portuguese now
same if I'm not wrong, follow sport and
932 and here he says the lawsuit I leave
the msg dot net because here is for not
we went to see a specific already here
if you do not want to enter with a friend only
you want to center to play you play
when the time is that if you want to enter
with a friend to put people
lbg net point as they see enter the secret
and how it goes about loads I think
let's hope it also depends how the
slow work
as you see here would be the records if not
I'm wrong
and as you can see my name would be
I take off and then I would put in a
password x anyone could be for
example mine would be
from gary
since as you see said to put my ma jin
your four children have to have it
saved and they have to write down the
kept in your head like or can
save the icons and tell him now how
says here word the greater amount forgiveness
here I would put an e-mail x
I'm going
As you see, you and I are registered
if I'm not wrong and now what has
What to do is to propose
I chose it has to have memories
the password and good to put for example
mine garry and there as you see I do not see it or
has been what has been guided and what I do
As you can see I am now if it is not good
I can already speak at ease to fly
I am
and then put it in the night and then
also here as you see has a bit of
calculation is to preserve has green with a
gift is also greater
has a parking lot where santa says something
A) Yes
and now I do want to enter a servers
only someone who click something says
where it says join example here they had the
twitter what welcomes liam
from lisbon
and so is the welcome so the intro by
so to say I do not know how to say here I
that can enter you where it is not yet
just play the game of crazy
wire although as it says
dm the truth as you can already back
rays I could enter to observe without wanting
and as you can see I am in the servef this
I would be locked out, I will not know how we are going
and well, this has been all thanks
for watching this video like subscribe and
until the other and remember that they have to
have a man x jones register
passwords e mail and login and password
of support again the definitive and
until the other